Rust Gamedev Meetup 30 post (#1453)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/blog/rust-gamedev-meetup-30/index.md

Twitch][rust-gamedev-twitch].

[rust-gamedev-discord]: https://discord.gg/yNtPTb2
[rust-gamedev-twitch]: https://twitch.tv/rustgamedev
[meetup-video]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAp_-Hp2gGo
[youtube-stream]: https://www.youtube.com/@RustGameDevelopment
[twitch-stream]: https://www.twitch.tv/RustGameDev

## Talks

### Blue Engine | [@ElhamAryanpur]

![Blue engine](blue-engine.png)

> Updates about the Blue Engine project and its 0.5.0 release.

**Links:**

- [Blue Engine GitHub repository]
- [Blue Engine Discord server]

[@ElhamAryanpur]: https://github.com/ElhamAryanpur
[Blue Engine GitHub repository]: https://github.com/AryanpurTech/BlueEngine
[Blue Engine Discord server]: https://discord.gg/s7xsj9q

### Cybergate | [@cybersoulK]

![Cybergate](cybergate.png)

> An overview of Cybergate, a multiplayer game being developed for native and
> browser play.

**Links:**

- [Cybergate Discord server]

[@cybersoulK]: https://github.com/cybersoulK
[Cybergate Discord server]: https://discord.gg/R7DkHqw7zJ

### no_std: ?no_problem  | [@kpreid]

![no_std: ?no_problem](no-std.png)

> A brief introduction to `no_std` in Rust, and how you can use it in your

> > projects.

Reviewer: How about:

```
An introduction to making your Rust crates `no_std` compatible, and why you might want to do this.
```

Author: Looks good!

> > A brief introduction to `no_std` in Rust, and how you can use it in your
> > projects.

Author: ```suggestion
> An introduction to making your Rust crates `no_std` compatible, and
> why you might want to do this.
```
